>> Maximiliano Firtman: Something
similar happened with authenticator,
it's kind of the logging.
Okay, with first check if you
are passing me an email and password,
then I'm trying to find users by email.
Be very careful here to use SQL
variables or arguments, not concatenate.
And well, if there are no rows,
so over that select,
it means the user has not been found.
So authentication, validation,
there is a problem,
and then that means the user
does not exist, okay?
That means the user does not
exist with that email, and
then we check the password,
so the user exists.
Now let's see if the password
is the same one.
So we hash the password again and
we compare that with the password
that we have stored in the database,
the hashed one.
Does it make sense?
And just in case we are updating last
login, so we registering the database for
login purposes the last login for
that user, and that's all.
That's login,
something that typically arrives here,
and it's a good idea,
is don't create two errors for
user doesn't exist and
password doesn't match.
It doesn't matter which one is the thing,
it's just credentials are wrong.
This is for privacy reasons.
That's why, when you you go to a website,
it's pretty common, and
you say, I had an account,
I don't remember the password.
So you go, I forgot my password,
it's asking for your email.
You type your email and it says,
if you have an account,
we have already sent you an email.
And you don't know, why don't you tell
me if you send me the email or not?
Because they don't wanna expose
their database to the public.
Because if not,
you can try different email addresses and
see if they have an account or not.
Does that make sense?
So that's why, in this case,
if the email is not in the database,
you are not going to say your email is
wrong or you don't have an account here.
You're just saying your
credentials are wrong.
It can be the password,
it can be the email, I don't know.
The combination doesn't
work together here.
Does it make sense?
Then GetAccountDetails will
just get an account by email
to actually bring the fabrics and
the watch list.
So it's making a select of
movies with a join on this
intermediate thing, and
it's looking for watch list.
So it's just a query on the database
getting a, in this case,
the movies that are powered from that user
or are in the watch list for that user.
Okay?
Does that make sense?
And it's just setting the watch list for
that user.
Nothing really important.
And well, SaveCollection is to
actually save one movie as actually,
we can go save to collection.
Maybe that's better,
say movie to collection.
It will save a movie into watch list or
into favorites.
It's just actually verifying first, well,
it's, I have the email, we'll see why.
We get the ID of that user, and then we
check if we already have that movie there.
Because maybe the user is
adding a watch list or
a movie that is already in watch list, so
I don't want to add the movie twice, so
I'm checking if that
relation already exists.
You can see I'm using variables for
everything.
So then passing all the values from here,
if exists,
I'm actually not retaining an error.
I'm actually saying true.
I mean it works, yeah, it's there.
I wanna mark a favorite, yeah, it's there.
So yes.
And if it's not there, I will insert
this into this table and that's all.
And that's our repository.
Okay, it's a long code, and
it's not complicated, but it takes time.
Okay, it's always the same actually,
pretty similar.
You have any question,
>> Speaker 2: Just a security
recommendation that it's better to
return messages like username and
password combination is invalid.
Rather than saying user
not found just from.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Yeah, exactly.
That's what I was saying, that credentials
are wrong, it means something's wrong.
To be honest, there are still workarounds,
because I got trying to
register a new account, and
if I already have an account,
you will recheck me.
So, through registration,
I can also kind of check in that.
And also with passkeys,
that's a new standard,
with passkeys, also we have
a way to log in just by email.
And also there are some workarounds.
I mean, if you're a bad actor and
you want to get that information,
you wanna see if a friend
of yours has an account,
I mean, you wanna see if your
partner has a Tinder account, okay?
Let's be direct here,
that's one possibility.
How do you know if your
partner has a Tinder account?
Or I mean, if she or
he has still has a Tinder account because
maybe you met him or her on Tinder.
Well, that's why, for privacy reasons,
we are trying to hide that,
that it's not easy for someone that
has no credentials to get into
a system to know if an email address
has an account or not, okay?
It's not, I mean,
there is no way to be 100% safe on that.
We always work around, so
most of the time, we also, I mean,
on really large projects, you are checking
how many login attempts they are trying.
After three or four emails you are trying
you're blocked, things like that,
because you're saying you're
doing something wrong.
Who is trying different
emails in five minutes?
You are trying to get more information
that you want, and of course,
that has a lot of code behind testing
that you need to do a lot of work.